hi this is far starter and this is a
review of the s.h.figuarts common riders
a sword from kamen rider Kabuto
and now let's check out the details of
this figure and also on the accessories
the s.h.figuarts a sword is received
with a scorpion motive more evidently on
his head while some joints share with
Kamen Rider kobato the upper body is
tailored to the main motive luckily what
I got doesn't have that bowlegged
feature a common problem with other
capita figures before it was reissued
highlights of the figure include the
scorpion tail protruding on top of his
helmet a lime-green set of compound eyes
and a sleeker a-frame body that is a
core base of the SH figure arts half a
decade ago what he comes with are a pair
of open sliced hands a staple for most
s.h.figuarts
at that time a pair of holding hands for
his transformation sword these assorted
aibi this assorted sector is already
attached on the sword though it lacks
some minor details the combination of
both is just the right scale with the
figure you can also Park the sword using
a holster that expect just above the
knee good thing is that this will not
hinder in the articulation of the figure
so Authority position points for this
figure we have just like a head and neck
joint here shoulder pads go up and down
and then upper bicep cut here it gets
swivel on the back some limitation here
when raised the hands are raised because
of how huge shaking shoulder pads are we
have a really nice upper torso and waist
right here quite limited if you want to
go 360 on the waist because on how the
bulk or the waist is molded and then
wrist joints and elbow joints just like
the old SAT regards and then hip joints
here quite nice and then knee joint here
and then hinge on the ankle here and on
the toe cool and the really good thing
really about Kamen Riders our sword is
how the paint applications are applied
on this figure up it feels like the
acrylic paint
matches with any like if you saw some
car paints at least it was applied also
here um he has a really nice finish
quite glossy at back and all the purple
paints are really nice I'm really diggin
the figure Sasori lacks the extra hands
needed for one of the esteem writers in
the capital line unlike today's
s.h.figuarts offerings but what really
sets this apart is the acrylic purple
paint that was applied giving that wet
finish that is highly appreciated by
collectors like me that is why up to now
this is one of the best sought-after
finger and if you check online stores
you'll be amazed on how much this cost
almost 300% what it was in 2009 for a
figure that was released almost a half
decade ago the sword stands among the
best and one of bandai's best figures
ever made in the sh figuarts line and
that is my review of the sh free cards
coming riders a sword if you want to
know the possibilities and details for
this figure check out the photos at the
end of the video and subscribe to my
blog for the full written review this is
firestarter thank you very much for
watching and keep it here for more toy
reviews
you